h1. yab_download

This plugin allows you to offer a download of multiple files (per file id and/or category) with or without a confirmation button. Additional you can offer an option to download all the files as zip archive on the fly. The names of the files are read from the files description. If no description is given the filenames are displayed.

*Version:* 0.6

h2. Table of contents

# "Plugin requirements":#help-section01
# "Tags":#help-section05
# "Examples":#help-section09
# "License":#help-section10
# "Author contact":#help-section11

h2(#help-section01). Plugin requirements

yab_email’s minimum requirements:

* Textpattern 4.x
* PHP > 5.2.0 is recommended

If you are running a PHP version 5.2.0 or above so the attribute @zip="1"@ will try to create the zip on harddisk instead in memory. If you have php 5.2.0 or above and you have problems with some restrictions like safe_mode, open_basedir etc., so try the attribute @zip="2"@. This will force the zip creation in memory.

h2(#help-section05). Tags

h3. yab_download

This plugin has only one tag: @<txp:yab_download />@. You have to place it in an individual article.
The following attributes are available:

*files:* file id
Default: __unset__
The IDs of the files, which are for download (seperated by comma). If no files assigned with an ID an error message will displayed in the option field.

*label1:* name
Default: Files
Label for select.

*label2:* name
Default: Please accept this condition!
Label for confirmation checkbox.

*label3:* name
Default: Download
Label for the submit input.

*label4:* name
Default: Download all as ZIP instead
Label for zip download checkbox.

*notice:* text
Default: You have to accept the condition below for download.
Error notice, if confirmation is not set but required

*size:* filesize unit (B, KB, MB, GB, PB)
Default: __unset__
Display filesize additionally (values are B, KB, MB, GB, PB).

*confirm:* boolean
Default: __unset__
Want an additional confirmation checkbox?

*formid:* HTML id
Default: yab_cd_download
HTML id of the element form, used for anchor, if you use more than one <txp:yab_download /> in a single site, make different entries here.

*cats:* categories, comma separated
Default: __unset__
File categories you will add to download (seperated by comma). Will additional displayed with files from *files* attribute above.

*exclude:* files IDs, comma separated
Default: __unset__
IDs of the files you will exclude ffrom download. Does only work with *cats* attribute.

*sort:* MySQL sort
Default: description asc
Sort the files from *cats* attribute.

*zip:* integer (1 or 2)
Default: __unset__
Offers an checkbox with an option to download all offered files as zip instead.
Value: '1' for zip creation.
Value: '2' to force zip creation in memory.

*zipname:* name
Default: all.zip
The name of the offered zip.

*hidelist:* boolean
Default: __unset__
Hides the select list of the files, usefull if you offer only one file or offer many files zipped without a seletion.

*hidezip:* boolean
Default: __unset__
Hides the zip checkbox (download as zip is forced). Useful if you offer only one file as zip or many files as zip wihtout a file selection. Can be combined with *hidelist*, so only a download button will be displayed.

h2(#help-section09). Examples

h3. Example 1 (simple)

bc. <txp:yab_download files="1,2,3,4" />

h3. Example 2 (full)

The full example will show you a form with two checkboxes. First one offers an option to download all the files zipped. The second checkbox is a confirmation checkbox.
The offered files will be the files with the file ID #1, #2, #3, #4 and all files of the categories category1 and category2. If in category1 or category2 a file with the file id #5 and #7 so these will be excluded from download. The zipped file will be named as archive.zip.

bc. <txp:yab_download
	files="1,2,3,4"
	label1="Choose your download"
	label2="Accept Download at your own risk"
	label3="Klick here for download"
	label4="Yeah give me all as zip"
	notice="You have to accept the condition below"
	size="MB"
	formid="form-no-1"
	confirm="1"
	cats="category1, category2"
	exclude="5,7"
	sort="filename desc"
	zip="1"
	zipname="archive.zip"
/>

h2(#help-section10). Licence

This plugin is released under the GNU General Public License Version 2 and above

* Version 2: "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
* Version 3: "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

h2(#help-section11). Author contact

* "Plugin on author’s site":http://www.yablo.de/article/390/yab_download-tiny-textpattern-plugin-to-offer-downloads
* "Plugin on GitHub":https://github.com/trenc/yab_download
* "Plugin on textpattern forum":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=28990
* "Plugin on textpattern.org":http://textpattern.org/plugins/1044/yab_download